d-dimensional implementations (#44)
IlianPihlajamaa/ModeCouplingTheory.jl: docs/src/MCT.md

$$T_{1}[A] = \sum_{j=1}^{N_k}A_{j, j}.$$

## Other dimensions

The equations present above for $F(k,t),\ F_s(k,t)$ and $\delta r^2(t)$ have also been implemented for $d$-dimensional Euclidean space. By default, the solver will assume that we are working in $d=3$. To change this, one should simply modify the keyword argument ``` dim ``` when calling the appropriate kernel. For instance :

> ```julia 
> kernel_MCT = ModeCouplingKernel(ρ, kBT, m, k_array, Sₖ ; dims=d)
> kernel_tagged_MCT = TaggedModeCouplingKernel(ρ, kBT, m, k_array, Sₖ, sol; dims=d)
> kernel_MSD_MCT = MSDModeCouplingKernel(ρ, kBT, m, k_array, Sₖ, sol, taggedsol; dims=d)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```julia 
kernel_MCT = ModeCouplingKernel(ρ, kBT, m, k_array, Sₖ ; dims=5)
kernel_tagged_MCT = TaggedModeCouplingKernel(ρ, kBT, m, k_array, Sₖ, sol; dims=5)
kernel_MSD_MCT = MSDModeCouplingKernel(ρ, kBT, m, k_array, Sₖ, sol, taggedsol; dims=5)
```
```

> Beware, this code is inadapted for spatial dimensions higher than $d \gtrapprox 30$. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, this code is not written or tested for spatial dimensions higher than $d \gtrapprox 20$. 
```
